Vous avez dit :
The Covid-19 outbreak had impacted the daily routine of citizens globally and in many aspects. Consumption and demand for products had experienced a remarkable decrease due to lockdown measurements and the fear of contamination while shopping. Hence, the digital transformation was a global alternative solution to face the sanitary crisis. 
In this study, we examined the online purchasing behavior during the pandemic in Tunisia. 
We studied the effect of Covid-19 on the online purchasing behavior, the buyers’ satisfaction with the online purchasing experience, and their perception of the readiness of local businesses regarding the online shift. Besides, we tried to get an idea about the continuity of the behavior of Tunisians after the pandemic and the factors influencing it. 
Throughout the analysis, we discovered that the pandemic outbreak affected the frequency of online purchasing in Tunisia; respondents were satisfied with the online purchasing experience, they think that local businesses succeeded in the online shift, and they are willing to shop online sometimes when the pandemic is over. We further estimated the factors influencing the continuity of the online shopping behavior after the pandemic and quantified their effect. 
Our recommendations would be encouraging local businesses to shift online if they did not already, especially if they are working on fast-food, fashion, or personal care products. We also suggest that businesses enhance the user experience for online platforms and build customer loyalty programs to retain satisfied customers and ensure the continuity of their behavior.
